Make DC-Catalog and metadata upload form fields configurable (#672)
elan-ev/opencast-studio: CONFIGURATION.md

#</Policy>
#"""

> # Defines a custom DC-Catalog (as a template). See `CONFIGURATION.md` for more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Defines a custom DC-Catalog (as a template). See below for more
```

We are already **in** `CONFIGURATION.md` and this just got me. :sweat_smile:

You can also check the "Network" tab in the browser's dev tools. There you can see where Studio tries to fetch `settings.toml` from and what your server returned.

### Specify custom DC-Catalog

With `upload.dcc` you can set a custom DC-Catalog.
This makes sense if you want to set custom fields or change some metadata behavior when uploading.
It can either be undefined (default, in which case the default DCC is used) or a string.

The string is a [Mustache.js template](https://mustache.github.io/mustache.5.html).

> The following variables are passed as view:

Reviewer: "as view" is slightly unclear to me here. :thinking:

- `user`: the object returned by `/info/me.json` describing the current user. Guaranteed to be truthy, specifically: not `null`.
- `lti`: the object returned by `/lti` which describes the current LTI session. Might be `null` (e.g. meaning there is no LTI session).
- `title`: the title specified by the user. Is empty string if `upload.titleField` is 'hidden'. Might be empty string if `upload.titleField` is 'optional'.
- `presenter`: the presenter specified by the user. Is empty string if `upload.presenterField` is 'hidden'. Might be empty string if `upload.presenterField` is 'optional'.
- `seriesId`: the series ID as string or `null` if no series ID is specified.
- `now`: the current datetime as ISO string.

By default, this template is used:

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<dublincore xmlns="http://www.opencastproject.org/xsd/1.0/dublincore/"
            xmlns:dcterms="http://purl.org/dc/terms/"
            xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance">
    <dcterms:created xsi:type="dcterms:W3CDTF">{{ now }}</dcterms:created>
    <dcterms:title>{{ title }}</dcterms:title>

>     {{#presenter}}<dcterms:creator>{{ presenter }}</dcterms:creator>{{/presenter}}

Reviewer: Inconsistent spacing; see the corresponding comment in the code.
